# Year 2017

## 2017 12 31, Sunday

Today was an uneventful day. Mostly spent time sleeping up the awesome treck. I did
manage to sneak in some books through, you know the ones you actually hold and read.

## 2017 12 30, Saturday

Today was an amazing day. We (Me, and my friends) decided to go for a treck to
SavanaDurga, Asia's largest Monolithic rock (mountain out of a single stone). I will
write a proper blog post with many of the pics we took (once im done sleeping like a
log).

To put it in a short way, it was one of my biggest achievents so far in that i was
able to climb on top (1149 m, as per altimeter in my watch). There were no starcases,
which meant we actually had to climb along a pretty steep slope. But it was an
amazing experience, and i hope it kickstarts my journey into trecking.

It showed me what i can achieve, if I put my mind to it. Considering i never have been
a phycsical person, I would say it was amazing to reach that summit, a crowning
achievement. I am going to push forward, and maybe one day conquer Mt. Everest.

Yea i want ot do that, to prove to the people whao said i could never do something that
physically intense or challenging. Anyway I am really tired right now. Probably wont
wake up till tomorrow evening. See ya around :)

## 2017 12 29 Friday

Soryy, forgot to make an entry for this day. I will update all i can remember.

Today, not many people came to the office. It was mostly a boring day. I made some
progress on adding features to registry garbage collector such as exception list,
specifying a namespace and so on.

I did miss  the standup today though. Parly because i got abosrbed into a deep
conversation with a bunch of friends (they know who they are) on incremental
compilers (building a compiler intcremental steps). May be i wil lcontribute
to it.

I need to however, make sure i dont forget my standups in the future without a valid
reason, and a discussion, even as deep as it got on compilers, is not one of those
valid reasons. Otherwise, it was a boring but good day

## 2017 12 28, Thursday

Well the meeting yesterday was cancelled as not many people were around. I just
dropped an email instead to the appropriate people. Hopefully will be able to
wrap up the openshift thing soon. The API code looks really good now, merge
worthy. Will push the last commit through.

Got another couple of PR's merged in as well. Guess the registry  garbage
collector is gonna need the exception list thing sooner than expected.

Took a look at a bunch of new images to be added to registry today. Guess its
time to wear the 'Container Onboarding' hat again.

Had some interesting compiler and fabric8 discussions with a friend today. That
was really cool as well. Looking forward to more intelligent discussions with
him.

We went out for dinner @ Baba Chatkora today. Had some good discussions there.
It was a really light and cool day today.

## 2017 12 27, Wednesday

Today, i finally wrapped up the last and longest bit of 'Compliance' training
at Red Hat. Feeling excited as i am close to wrapping up my 2nd year here.

Helped out a friend a bunch with his nodejs testing container. Really close to
wrapping up the Container Pipeline API MVP. My refactor was actually liked a lot
by my team mates. Looking forward to closing off the last remaining bit, for now.
Of course code, code always needs change ;)

Hoping to attend the CentOS PaaS sig meeting. Might update later today, if things
happen.

Also, there were a few more interminent issues that happened, that i hepled fix
today. Cool stuff, but i really am looking forward to speed things up.

## 2017 12 26, Tuesday

Ok, today i spent considerable amount of time, finishing up my API code. I spent
a considerable amount of time testing the code, and discovered some issues. The
restructuring should allow for much easier maintainence of code.

There was an issue discovered in Pipeline data, which caused failure of weekly
scan. I found the issues and fixed them. It was mostly to do with us not
considering the weekly scan while designing the data models. That was bad on my
part. I am ussually good at looking at the entire picture before diving into
code. Need to ensure such slip ups dont happen again.

Still waiting on the openshift guys for pull requests. I think its time to shoot
an email to openshift-devel.

Also, it was awesome to know Charlie is going to be spending some time to help
us improve the Container Pipeline Service. Looking forward to working with the
guy. He is really cool, and i know this, since i already met him in the face to
face at office.

## 2017 12 25, Monday

Had a very light Christmas today. The day mostly involved me taking advantage of
the humongous winter sale on Steam, buying out a bunch of games (2000 bucks ->
999 bucks, who would'nt.).  Other than that, watched a few movies.

I also spent some time looking at the Container Pipeline Service code base. Meh,
that thing needs some serious fixing. Kind of growing tired of having to wait
30-40 mins for a deployment, just so i can test some changes. We really need to
push towards immutable infrastructure, so we can cut down deployment time to 2-5
 mins.

Yes, i want to throw away those huge ansible scripts, and get down to a template
, a config file and a makefile.That would make things so easy. And considering
no one else is upto the challenge, I am considering taking up the mantle on this
one. Need to drive this through. Will update the team tommorow, that I want to
do this, apart from the data part that i am currently handling.

Of course, one of the major challenges, that we are going to face with this, is
the pre-build step, but for now, I want to get the rest of the stuff done and
ready.

## 2017 12 24, Sunday

Again, another boring day. Nothing much got done. The only difference from
yesterday was i got to take a really long nap, and of course did some more
research on Apache spark, which i am currently containerizing.

## 2017 12 23, Saturday

Guess we are in for the long haul. Nothing much here. It was a boring day.
Watched a couple of movies, played a few games, had a few relatives over.

## 2017 12 22, Friday

Today, is my first day of setting up a Journal. Feels good to finally have a
place to rant, and to log the shit i do.

Today, i completely refactored my Container Pipeline Service API code base, to
make it a lot cleaner and lot more managable.

I did managed to expose a lot more of the data on via the API. Getting this done
felt good, although my bigger achievement for today in this side is fully
containerizing a openshift ready API Server for the pipeline.

Still waiting on openshift guys to help me figure out whats wrong with my PR's.
They are not much by way of size, and infact, I am unable to make out why a
couple of yaml files could cause such failures. I am no master of their test
suite, though i hope to be one day, a master of openshift/kubernetes ;)

SSH'ed into some machines, with Dharmit to try and test changes to my registry
garbage collection script. Expected to see a lot more images, but it was
creepily empty, espcially considering the number of tests run on that setup.
Need to get that sorted.

Cant figure out if a gun is reliable enough if there arent enough sample
containers to shoot with it.

Managed to get the centos atomic base container on the Container Pipeline. I had
a hand in building that minimilistic container, and its therefore, amazing to
see your baby get out into the world like that.

Had christmas snacks today. It was decent, though of course the plum cake
provided was, old, to put it mildly.

Also, guess we are going to go into a very long weekend for Christmas. Still
havent figured out what my plans will be for the same.
