# Year 2018

## 2018 1 4, Thursday

Interesting day today. We actually had an team lunch as a part of send off for
old office. It was great. Ended up sharing coffee and a climb to 11th floor with
my awesome manager.

Had a good discussion on Computer Networks 101 with some friends too.

On the code side, managed to figure out and fix some issues which happened during
my refactor. I think the changes shoul be good to go. Need to figure out what the
functional tests will look like for the Container Pipeline API.

We are going ahead with sort of enforcing it as a team. No merge without tests.

Had a discussion with a friend about issues he is facing with Django code in the
pipeline. I have, after all, taken over maintainence of that piece.

Looking forward to the new office. Heard some good stuff about the design.

## 2018 1 3, Wednesday

Damn, forgot yesterday's entry. Gotta keep better track of this. Finally got
stuff packed. Still need to seal the box though.

Managed to get the weekly scan fix coded in and tested. Made sure to improve
the CentOS Devcloud setup script as well.

Added exception lists, and match lists to Pipeline garbage collector, while
refactoring it and making it more modular. Need to test that thing.

Had some interesting discussions, including convincing people to go for
gokarting. Should be a cool experience.

## 2018 1 2, Tuesday

Guess i forgot to add the entry for today. I will still try to jog my memory
But dont expect too much.

We are fast approaching the day of the office move. I made sure to get the box,
started considering how i am going to pack stuff into it.

Figured out the issue with container pipeline weekly scans. Started coding the
fix. Also, got some discussion done with a friend about how he wants to
contribute to the Container Pipeline.

Wrote a script to automate settinng up of container pipeline on the CentOS
Devcloud, which is an openstack system.

## 2018 1 1, Monday

And so it begins, a new year. Again a very uneventful day. Watched a couple
of movies, continued some reading and played a couple of games.

The pains that were the result of an aftermath from the treck have subsided.
Feeling pretty normal and comfortable now. I am hoping the new year brings
with it a lot more success and fun :)